-Previously on Astrid
and Lilly Save the World.
-I love us.
-ASTRID:
I love us too, Lil.
-You're a monster
- Check out a mirror.
[Howling]
- Oh, shit, I'm gonna die
at the hands
of a hottie with a body.
-I'm Brutus.
Long story short...
a portal to another dimensin
was opened.
Sort of "end of the world"
type situation.
[Scream]
[Roar]
-It makes sense.
It's furniture lady.
-Oh, my God!
-Who have you been
taking orders from anyway?
Brutus?
-EGGS: I know
you're up to somethin.
I just don't know what it s
yet but I think
it has something to do wih
the solar system.
-Two down, eight to go.
[Energetic punk song
by SNFU plays loudly]
[Punk song continues
quietly from phone]
-Oh, I officially hate
everything I own.
-Come on, we're gonna be late.
[Frustrated groan]
[Dramatic boom]
-ASTRID:
Okay, you look fine.
Who are you
trying to impress, anyway?
-Oh, nothing, no one!
Uh, why would you even say that?
Let's just go.
[Brutus, Astrid
and Lilly all scream]
[Hisses]
- Hooah
How did you get in here?
-What the hell, Brutus?!
[Sighs]
-That was a test.
And you failed.
You have to learn
how to conquer your fears.
Eight monsters
between the both of you
and the closing of the portal?
You have to always be ready.
[Exhale]
Good news is
the rest of your powers
should be kicking in soon.
- Wait, the rest of them?
- Yeah.
-Ohh! Do we get to be,
like, invisible?
I've always wanted
to be able to fly.
-I just want the vinegar
vomit smell to stop.
-Yeah, no,
that's still gonna be there.
But your hearing and your sight
should be increasing.
-I guess that's cool.
[Gasps]
Oh, the better
to spy on Sparrow.
[Snorts]
- Oh, and your leg?
It is gradually gonna get
stronger, so... [Sucks teeth]
-Wait...
just the one leg?
Wow.
Awesome.
-Just be careful, you know,
with your powers.
They're really unpredictable.
They are tied to the portal,
which is a literal rip
in time and space,
so, you know, not the most...
stable.
[Gentle music]
Hm.
-Uh, hey, this is private!
-Oh, I'm-I'm cool.
I'm cool.
I love, uh...
Tay-Tay
and, uh...
Penises.
Oh! And what's this?
"Prove to jerks at school..."
[Scoffs]
Who are these jerks at school?
Of course you can
get a boyfriend.
Hey!
[Upbeat music]
Hey, that's...
that's me!
-All right!
Time to go.
It's time to go!
-Uh, Brutus almost saw...
everything.
[Yells]
[Screaming]
-God damn it, Brutus!
-Conquer your fear.
Always be ready.
-Ohh...
I wanted to drink this.
[Upbeat music sting]
[Indistinct conversations]
-[ Sigh]
Is it just me,
or does the whole Brutus
training feel super random?
I mean, I know
he's supposed to be the expert,
but the whole thing is kinda--
-Kinda suss?
Yeah.
[School bell]
-And now we're late.
-Brutus didn't mention
any new monsters.
Maybe we get the day off?
[Woman screaming]
-Oh, my God!
Brutus, give it a rest!
-WOMAN:
Oh, God, oh God.
[Screaming]
[Frightened exclamation]
[Panicked breathing]
-What the hell was that?
[Hissing]
Oh, my God!
[Frightened gasps]
[Percussive bass guitar playing]
-First, I find a gray hair
this morning
and now Jonas is a no-show.
My birthday week is ruined.
- Maybe he's just lat?
- I had a whole plan!
Bottomless margs
at Maria's Cantina
and then I was finally
gonna close that hottie.
-Boo.
-What if he saw the gray hair
and now he's avoiding me?
-Oh, my God, are you kiddin?
You look amazing.
-Well, of course
you think I look amazing;
you're so much older than me.
-If you still wanna get marg,
I'm free tonight.
-I know what will make me
feel better.
[Piercing whistle]
Today we're playing dodgeball!
-Oh, dodgeball.
Classic.
The bruises are temporary
but the emotional scars
last a lifetime.
Hey, what's wrong?
-I can't.
I can't.
-Where do you think
you're going?
-Nurse's office.
I have flu...
cramps.
-Nice try.
There is no such thing
as flu cramps.
You - over there.
-Okay, let's go.
-Ah, ah, ah, na!
You.
Over there.
You - there.
No, you there.
[High energy rock music]
Ready or not...
here we go!
[Blows whistle]
-No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
[Shoes squeaking]
-Oh, ow.
[Sobbing]
-Ooh.
-Ow, stop.
-Astrid!
-Ow!
-Hey! Hey! Hey!
They can't keep hitting her
after she's out!
-Dodgeball is
survival of the fittest.
She should try being fitter.
-Or a smaller target.
-Oh, my God.
-LILLY: Ow.
-Ooh!
-Hey, are you okay?
Like, what happened back there?
-Dodgeball PTSD.
[Deep sigh]
Second grade,
Ben Blake hit me in the face.
I got this, like,
huge nosebleed.
[Sighs]
-Then I peed my pants.
-Ahhhh!
Big yikes.
-Every time I see that red ball
it's like
I'm seven years old again.
Express train to meltdown city.
[Dramatic music]
What is it?
-I think maybe my
super hearing kicked in?
If you jump out at us again,
I will murder you.
[Sucks teeth]
-You weren't here
the whole time, right?
-What?
No, ew!
No, I'm not
some sort of creeper.
Anyway, we have to talk.
Another monster's
come through the portal.
-Hm. We figured.
Well, that giant snake tail
and all.
-Oh, yeah.
But it's so much more
than just a giant sn--
[Yelling]
-Good morning,
Ferrets!
Pep rally at lunch!
Yeah, ah, ah!
[Light airy music]
Go, Ferrets!
-Did Brutus just bail?
What the hell!
[Both sigh]
- What did he say?
-He said it was more
than just a snake,
like...
Well, that's helpful!
-Ahh...
You're okay.
It's going to be fine.
[Music turns more sinister]
-Almost there.
[Knocking on door]
-Hey, Christine.
-He has blessed us
with a beautiful day, hasn't he?
- Hm.
- So, little favour:
I see you're scheduled for
the rec room tonight, again,
but I was wondering,
since I'm in charge
of the building for Habitat--
-Oh! Bless your heart.
I-I would love to!
But, unfortunately,
I do have that room booked,
again.
All month, actually.
-If you're at peace
with putting your needs
above those of the dispossessed,
I'm sure you're right.
-I'm always right, Tom.
-If that's the path
you're comfortable with,
- Because that's absolutely--
- Oh, oh, no! Uh-oh.
What's happening?
[Door slams]
-Talk later, then!
[Birds cawing]
-Hm, I see you're digging
my new decor!
-So, before we talk about
monster stuff,
we kind of--
-What's your deal?
-My deal?
-Yeah.
We have questions.
-Uh, we just wanted to know
where you're from,
why you know all this stuff,
why you're helping us.
-Whether you're
telling us the truth.
[Tense music]
-Where is this coming from?
-Well...
Before we killed Razor,
she kinda said some stuff.
-You listened to Razor?
-Well, she might've been
a murderous hellbeast
with a hankering
for teen boy meat,
but she had a point:
we don't know
anything about you.
-Okay, guys, guys...
there's a monster out there
that could be killing someone
as we speak.
But, sure, we could spend
the whole night
talking about me.
That's fine by me.
-You're right.
-Astrid?
-Fine.
-Hm.
The creature is called
a Timoring.
It's a shapeshifter
that manifests
as someone's worst fear,
and kills them with it,
before moving onto
its next victim.
-That sounds terrible.
-Mm-hm
-How do we kill it?
-Um, not ideal.
The Timoring is...
only vulnerable
when confronted with its own
worst fear.
Otherwise, it's...
pretty much unkillable.
-And that fear would be what?
-Huh?
Um, i-i-it's not
specified, unfortunately.
But that's when your
detective know-how comes in.
I have every confidence.
-That makes one of us.
-And when the Tim's
done and dusted,
all you need to do is get
its amygdala for the orb.
- Ew.
- All right, come on.
Happy hunting!
[Dark music]
-[Sigh]
Okay, it's not here!
-Do you want
to go for another lap?
-Well, we've been at this
for hours.
If I don't get home soon,
my mom's gonna freak.
-Okay, let's call it.
We can regroup,
start again tomorrow.
-Thank you.
[Horrified gasps]
[Muffled breathing]
-Okay, okay, okay.
Sh, sh, sh.
[Creepy music]
[Nervous breathing]
[Thump]
[Frightened gasps]
Oh, my God.
- Oh, Jesus.
- Yeah, okay.
-Come on.
-Sh, sh, sh, sh.
-Oh, my God.
[Stifled screech]
Okay.
Oh...
Oh, my God.
-It's that substitute teacher!
-Oh, my God.
We're too late!
-Is that a snake fang?
[Airy music]
-No.
[Worried sigh]
You are hot.
You are sexy and just...
Mm!
You are so hot.
Be hot.
You're hot.
You're just...
[Creepy music]
Hot.
[Calming exhale]
[Clears throat]
[Quiet creepy laughter]
-Up late?
You know those
all-night Xena binges
are bad for your sleep.
-Oh, it wasn't Xena's fault;
it was my stupid subconscious.
I was trapped in a
stress-induced nightmare loop,
playing dodgeball
with a giant snake.
-Ugh.
Yeah, I can't stop thinking
about that poor substitute.
- Ah! Ow!
- Oh!
-What's that for?
-Oh, I don't know.
I didn't mean to.
-[Both] It's a monster!
It's here!
-Oh, shit...
-Oh, I hope it's not some snake.
-Oh, my God!
-You're hot.
[Laughs]
You're sexy.
Yeah.
[Quiet creepy laughter]
-It has to be close.
-But how do we find it?
-You're hot.
-[Whispered]
Happy birthday
- Yes, you are.
- To...
you...
[Maniacal laugh]
[Screaming]
-[Gasp] That was easier
than I thought!
-Okay.
[Maniacal laughter]
-No...
- Come on!
- No!
-Make a wish!
[Maniacal laughter]
Blow out your candles!
-No.
-Goodbye, 20s...
Hello, early menopause!
[Screaming]
-Hey, back off, creepshow!
I have a super-leg
of indeterminate strength,
and I'm not afraid to use it!
-You go, Lilly,
with your bad self!
- Very intimidating!
- Yes.
-Sorry...
Didn't know anyone was in here.
I need to grease the hinges.
[Whimpering]
I'll-I'll-I'll come back.
-Uh, ii-it's okay.
The scary clown is gone.
-What kind of sick freak
would do something like that?
Do people
actually think I'm 30!?
-Well, that took
an unexpected turn.
-I'm not going to be 30
for another two years!
No, wait, no, wait:
four years!
I'm only 26.
-It's okay;
I-I'd still card you.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're very young,
like a little ol' baby.
-Yeah?
- Come on, we gotta go.
- Yeah.
-What the hell happened?
Did we scare it off somehow?
-No idea!
I wonder where he went?
[Nervous breathing]
[Ominous music]
-Let's go.
[Door unlatches]
-[Valerie]
This is Maggie
from Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.
Here we go!
[Clears throat]
[Southern accent]
If I had thought
that you would never,
never,
never make love to me again...
why, I would go downstairs
to the kitchen,
and I would pick out
the-the longest
and the sharpest knife
that I could find
and I would stick it
straight into my heart!
- I swear I would!
- CRITIC: Boo!
-[Normal voice]
Hello?
[Ominous music]
Oh.
[Southern accent]
Oh, Brick!
How long does it
have to go on for?
This punishment?
Haven't I done time enough,
haven't I served my term,
can't I apply for...
for a pardon?
- Boo!!
- Okay. Rude!
-You suck!
Boo!
-Excuse me?
-Yes, child! What'd you do?
Break your leg?
-Okay, seriously!
-You-you, Valerie!
You don't even deserve
to be in
[Southern accent] a theater!
[Hysterical sobbing]
-It has to be
around here somewhere.
We just saw it!
-Aw, oh!
My leg!
-Oh, oh, my God.
It's attacking...
again!
[Pained moans and groans]
-VALERIE: Help! Somebody
help me! Somebody help m!
-Okay, go, go, go!
-I've never seen anything
quite so wooden.
-No, I don't even know you.
-You should be banned!
[Dramatic music]
[Valerie sobbing]
-Oh-ho-ho...
-Wha-what happened?
[Sobbing]
-I was--
I was practicing my monologue
and then, all of a sudden,
they were-they were throwing
things at me and they--
[Breathing quickly]
they said...
they said I was a bad actor.
-Well, where did they go?
-I don't know. I--
They disappeared when
I got into the cafeteria.
I don't know...
-Disappeared again?
Hella weird.
Oh, my God.
[Ominous music]
[Crickets chirping]
-I don't get it.
We saw it kill when
it was a snake.
But why did it stop
with Michelle and Val?
-[Sighs]
There's a pattern here.
I-I know there is.
-How are my two favorite hunters
this fine evening?
-Oh, my God, you gotta
stop doing that!
-Oh, my God.
-What, it's part of my
very important training.
You know that. I mean,
don't you trust me?
-I mean, why should we?
We don't know
anything about you.
-[Scoffs]
Wow. Okay.
You guys are still
hung up on this, huh?
-I mean, you are a monster.
-A-a nice monster.
But a monster, nonetheless.
Why are you so invested in
helping us close the portal?
-Fair enough.
[Clears throat]
TLDR:
I come from a long line
of interdimensional
monster-hunter mentors
as part of an organization
called The Portal Protectorate.
Agents are trained
from hatchlings
to monitor the borders
between worlds,
and to step in
if there's a breach.
- Hm.
- It's all very official.
Oh, we even have badges.
[Curious music]
Very trustworthy.
-Oh! Cute photo.
-Thanks.
[Chuckle]
Hm.
-Well, I get why a breach
is bad for us,
but...
why does the protectorate thing
care if a few humans get
turned into monster kibble?
-They don't.
As such.
They care about portals.
Portals weaken the architecture
of the universe.
If left unchecked, if there's
too many open at once,
it could cause
the whole cosmos to collapse
resulting in
painful death and destruction,
bodies flipping inside out;
organs just popping--
-[Gagging]
Okay.
-So, then, why did you
bail on us at school today?
-Because of the monster.
-Hm?
-The giant furry thing?
-The ferret?
-Yeah.
-That's the school mascot.
-Why would a school
make a monster its mascot?
Hm?
And to expose children
to that thing?
I don't understand
this dimension, like, at all.
[Astrid sighs]
Anyway, I leave the Timoring
in your very capable hands.
You guys got this.
[Whoosh]
-Well,
I guess we know
what Brutus is afraid of.
Now we just need to figure out
what gives Tim
the heebie-jeebies.
[Sigh]
♪♪ I've got the
joy, joy, joy, joy ♪
♪♪ Down in my heart ♪
♪♪ Down in my hear,
Down in my heart ♪♪
♪♪ I've got the
joy, joy, joy, joy ♪
♪♪ Down in my heart,
Down in my heart ♪♪
♪♪ To stay. ♪♪
-[Soft gasp]
That was beautiful!
I actually felt that one.
Now,
let's go be youth warriors!
Get those recruit numbers up!
[Sighs;
flaps lips]
[Tense music]
[Knocking on door]
-Again?
-Brutus?
Annoying!
-Hey, dorks.
-[Christine]
Gosh, I am sorry
to interrupt
your little evening.
We're gonna be
out of your hair in a jiff.
-I'm not going to force Astrid
to go if she doesn't want to.
-Oh, that's adorable, but,
unfortunately,
I have a note from Astrid's mom
granting me permission
to take her.
Helen just wants to make sure
that her daughter
is on the right path.
You know,
balance out any...
bad influences.
[Deep nasal inhale]
-[Scoffs]
I'm almost impressed.
You guys keep finding
new depths of...
loser.
-Oh, it's the Timoring.
It found us!
-Nope!
Just terrible people
entering our
most sacredest space.
-How can you be sure?
-No monster reek.
Just this biznatch's
Bath & Body Works.
By the way, you smell like
a rancid fruit roll-up.
[Lilly stifles laugh]
[Nasal scoff]
-Cute pic.
Is that your
imaginary boyfriend?
-What are you even doing here?
-Youth Group is doing
our annual lock-in.
Astrid's coming with.
-Over my dead body.
-Chill.
We have snacks.
-[Sighs]
It's okay.
I'll go.
Anything to get you
asshats to GTFO.
[Lilly stifles chuckle]
So, what are we up to tonight?
Pound a few beers,
then hit the clubs?
[Dramatic music swell]
[Panicked breathing]
-It's a surprise.
[Dramatic music swell]
[Dramatic music]
[Nervous breathing]
[Gasp]
-Oh, my God.
-Hey.
[Tender music]
[Nervous breaths]
[TV plays softly in background]
-Where do you think you're going
at this hour, young lady?
-Ah, just saving Astrid
from youth group.
-Okay.
Don't be too late, kiddo.
-Thanks.
'Night!
-Goodnight.
-Welcome, all.
We are so lucky to have you.
You are about to embark
on a very special journey.
[Throat laugh]
I'm sorry, Astrid, is there
something you want to say?
-I just have a feeling that
what you call "special,"
I call "less fun
than waterboarding."
[Sparrow snorts]
- Oh.
Well, thank you for your input.
-Hm.
-As I was saying...
on this journey [Tense music]
you are going to be forced
to confront your sin
and your depravity.
Like, I don't know,
a-a smart mouth,
or a complete lack of respect
for authority.
But, first,
I'm going to have to take
all of your phones.
Can't have any false idols
getting in the way
of your spiritual progress!
[Phone rings]
Whose is that?
Oh, ha!
My bad.
That's me.
It is right-- There it is.
[Phone stops ringing]
Okay, T-T-Y-L.
Okay.
Sorry, where were we?
Oh-- false idols.
Hand them over.
[Astrid sighs]
[Phone clatters into box]
[Tense music]
-Hm.
-Good girl.
[Phone clatters into box]
Now...
let's get this show on the road.
Sweetie, you're first.
[Lock clicks into place]
-We are holy hostages.
-Yeah, like in Jesus jail.
[Chuckles]
Only Christine could come up
with something this perverse.
[Sniffs]
Oh!
Does anybody else smell that?
-No.
-Shit! The Timoring
strikes again.
Oh, my God.
[Sniffs]
Oh.
[Door closes]
[Engine struggling]
-What?
Oh!
[Engine struggles to start]
[Dramatic music]
-[Whisper]
training exercise...
[Normal] ...valuable
problem-solving skills?
[Angry]
car back together?
I am going to murder him!
[Sighs]
-So, uh...
Never mind.
-What a weird-ass day.
First I get attacked
by giant bees,
and then I get kidnapped
by youth groupies.
Can't wait to see
what happens next.
-Giant bees?
-Yeah.
-Like, how giant?
-Like, football size.
Just totally insane.
-Huh.
Maybe you were seeing things?
-Oh, I-I was definitely
seeing things.
I was high as balls.
-Oh!
[Laughing]
[Door opens]
-Hmm.
Your turn.
[Scoffs]
Oh?
-Are you serious?
Don't touch me, man!
-I'll be back for you later.
[Door closes;
lock clicks]
- [Mumbles] I gotta
get us outta here.
-Hold on, Astrid, I'm coming!
Oh! Cool!
Whoo!
Uh...
What's happening?
Ah!
Ah, damn you, Brutus,
or Portal Protectorate,
or whatever you are!
Biking was easier
without this stupid super-leg!
[Groans;
screams]
[Dramatic music]
-Ho...
[Keys jangle]
Okay.
[Jiggling]
[Lock opens]
[Relieved sigh]
[Opens door]
[Door closes]
-YOUTH GROUP KID #1:
Ooh, I'm Sparrow.
Look at my black nail polish.
I'm so edgy.
-Do you actually think
you look cool?
It's like you fell into
the bargain bin at Hot Topic.
-Your parents think
you're a worthless freak
who'll never amount to anything.
That's why they sent you here.
[Footsteps recede]
[Dramatic music]
[Mumbled whispers]
-Oh, yes!
[Phone chimes]
[Buttons clicking]
Ah, sweet!
Okay.
[Dramatic music swell]
Holy crap.
I can see through floors now?
Who's Christine talking to?
[Soft whoosh]
[Expels air through mouth]
-GUARDIAN:
It's working.
I am...
[Squelching]
Becoming.
-That makes me so happy,
my angel.
-If you're happy,
I'm happy.
You are one of the special ones.
Some of us are special,
some of us are not.
Jonas was not.
-About that, um...
I'm getting a-a scooch concerned
about the whole Jonas situation.
Ah, not that I would ever
doubt your plans,
oh, infallible one.
I-I am so grateful
for your divine intervention.
I-it's just...
people will start
to ask questions.
And those questions
could lead to...
investigations.
-I see.
Gather up some parchment.
Compose a letter from Jonas
that he has left
to find his fortunes elsewhere.
Our work is too important
to be interrupted
by mortal authorities.
-And...
what is our work...
exactly?
-We're going to create a brave
new world to our liking,
together,
you and I.
And I'll need some recruits
for our work.
Can you handle that?
-That's my specialty.
[Music swells]
[Bike clatters]
[Bike brakes squeal]
[Sighs]
- Ho...
-Nice dismount.
So graceful.
-Of course you're here!
-Like I have a choice?
You've met my mom.
-Yeah, she's, um...
-A raging she-devil.
-Well, I wasn't
going to say that...
to your face, heh.
[Light music]
-You come here
to rescue your other half?
-Uh, yes.
-Well, you're just in time.
They haven't started on her yet.
You're a good friend.
[Phone chimes]
-Whoo!
Hallelujah.
-SPARROW: Stop! Just shut p
and leave me alone!
-Oh, hell no.
This ends right now.
[Dramatic music swell]
[Loud whistle]
Hey, hot stuff!
Our ride's here.
Let's bounce!
[Chair clatters]
-FEMALE: Hey!
MALE: Get him!
-FEMALE:
Get back here!
[Struggling with door]
[Youth group kids' voices
continue in distance]
-Nice.
[Candace and Lilly
talk unintelligibly]
[Lilly laughs]
-What the hell, Lilly?
You're supposed to be
rescuing me,
not making small
talk with the enemy.
-Ah, I was just about
to come find you.
-Okay, well, where's the car?
We need to be elsewhere ASAP.
-I brought my bike.
-Why?
[Lilly sighs]
-Stupid Brutus
and his stupid training.
He sabotaged the car to,
I don't know,
teach us resilience,
or something.
-Maybe y'all
should get a tandem bike.
I mean, it's not like you guys
can get any less lame.
-Okay, nobody asked you,
Princess McBitchface.
-Hm.
Whatever.
Later, losers.
-Okay, we should probably go
and unt-hay the onster-may?
-Right.
Okay, gimme a sec.
[Astrid sighs]
Hey.
You-you okay to walk home?
-Yeah, go ahead.
I'm good.
Well, I'm not
exactly good, but...
-Yeah, things got
pretty crazy in there.
-Mm-hm.
I'm just pissed
I let them get to me.
Thank you for busting me out,
by the way.
-Okay.
[Tender music]
-Hey, hey!
[Chuckles]
Do you still want to go out?
-What?
-It's just,
you're such a badass.
Also, I'd understand if you
want to back out, you know.
I-I know crying in front of
a bunch of youth group pricks
isn't exactly what lady boners
are made of, so...
-But that ass definitely is!
We are so still on.
[Laughs quietly]
He just asked me out.
You see that?
-Okay, come on!
Let's go.
-Sorry.
[Astrid sighs gently]
Should I wave goodbye all sexy?
-I'm pretty sure nothing
about this is sexy.
Whoa, so you can
see through the floor?
That's so cool!
-I mean, it was pretty blurry,
but I definitely saw Christine.
I couldn't make out
who she was with,
but they were wearing
some kind of statement necklace.
-Well, I'm glad
at least one of us
has a cooler power than my
random leg I can't control.
-Ooh, I meant to tell you,
Sparrow had a near miss, too.
-Whoa.
Oh, what happened?
-Well, he got attacked
by ginormous bees during lunch.
He didn't get eaten
so something must have
scared it off.
[Door opens]
[Dramatic music]
-ASTRID:
Huh.
-Wait...
Where did we just come in?
-The gym, I think?
[Lights power up loudly]
[Ball bounces once]
[Nervous breathing]
[Bouncing ball]
-LILLY:
Shit.
I think it's here...
for me.
[Dramatic music swell]
[Tense music]
[Approaching footsteps]
-Let's play!
[Frightened mumblings]
[Monster groans menacingly]
[Ball bouncing slowly]
[Monster whispers
unintelligibly]
-Oh, oh.
[Nervous breathing]
[Menacing growls]
-Oh, my God.
-MONSTER: Aw...
[Astrid gasps]
Come out and play!
-Ah, hurry!
-It's just like that scene
in Jurassic Park.
I couldn't sleep for weeks.
I just kept dreaming
about the veloci--
-Shh!
Don't say it!
Don't even think it!
-Okay, okay!
[Roars]
[Frustrated growl]
-What are we gonna do?
We can't hide here forever.
-I can't think
with you panicking at me!
Wait, okay.
[Calms breathing]
[Echoey whistling in distance]
-Aaahhh.
-JANITOR [ECHOEY]:
Sorry.
[ECHOEY] Didn't know
there was anybody in here.
[Valerie sobbing]
-[ECHOEY] He disappeared
when I got to the caf.
-Grease the hinges...
-LILLY:
What is it?
-Hold on.
[Menacing groans]
[Ragged breathing]
-ASTRID: Okay, what the hell
are you doing?
-Oh, God.
You think we're going to die.
You're calling Sparrow to say
goodbye because you think
- we're going to die!
- We're not gonna die!
-Hey, I was just
thinking about you.
-Did you have mayo
on your lunch today?
-Uh... I think so?
Yeah, it was a BLT.
-Thank you.
Also, did you get home okay?
-Yeah, I'm almost there.
Hey, why do you sound
like you're choking?
-Got no time.
Talk later!
It's mayo!
The answer is mayo!
-Great, now you've
lost your mind.
-No. Okay, I know
what to do.
Can you hold him off?
-Astrid, I don't-- I-I can't.
-Lilly, you're a
fierce queen bitch
who eats monsters for breakfast.
Where's Tearjerker
right now, hm?
Dead!
That's where.
What about Razor?
Also super dead!
- You did that.
- I did?
-Nope, no, no, no, no.
Not going to cut it.
Who did that?
-[Confidently]
I did that.
-Yes.
[Grunts in pain]
Now, let's get that leg
in the game!
[Menacing growl]
Go, go, go, go!
[Astrid and Lilly shriek]
[Monster growls]
- Lilly!
- I can do this.
Whoa, I got this.
[Lilly calms breathing]
I can do this.
[Evil laugh]
[Loud impact]
[Groan]
I can do this.
You wanna play, shitbird?
Let's play.
[Panicked muttering]
[Excited breathing]
-Lilly,
I'm coming!
[Grunts]
[Loud impact]
-Is that all you got?
I could do this all day!
[Growling]
[Loud impact]
[Astrid screams]
[Squirting]
[Monster screams]
[Ragged breathing]
[Body thudding]
[Guttural groan]
[Crackling]
[Dramatic music crescendo]
-You...
You may have bested me,
but just remember:
dodgeball lasts forever.
[Laughs]
-Dodgeball only lasts
through high school, jerk.
[Badass music]
[Monster continues laughing]
Oh!
[Squelching]
-Wait, aren't we
supposed to get its amygdala?
That's in its brain!
[Tense music]
-Crap.
[Energetic music]
Do you think we got it all?
-Guess we'll find out.
[Orb opens]
-Ugh...
[Orb locks]
-Okay.
All right.
[Triumphant music]
Oh, can I just say...
you were
awesome back there.
Like-like Trinity in The Matrix.
-Back at you.
Charging in, screaming like
some creamy, eggy Valkyrie.
-Ahh!
[Both laugh]
[Door unlatches]
[Music turns darker]
[Door thuds]
[Soft footsteps]
-GUARDIAN (whispering): Hello,
my little entranced pets.
I am becoming,
and will be whole soon.
For when that happens,
I need you to help me build
something very important,
something I couldn't
bring with me from home.
-Anything, ancient one.
We are ready to serve.
-GUARDIAN:
Of course you are.
But, for now,
leave me.
I'm hungry.
[Growl]
[Roar]
[Squelching]
- Caf or yard?
- Ooh, yard.
- It's so nice outside.
- Hm.
-Have you heard
anything from Brutus?
-Nope. No congratulations,
no thank you.
He says we can trust him, but...
then he goes
completely AWOL, like--
-Hey, twatwaffle.
How's your imaginary boyfriend?
[Astrid scoffs]
["Good Good Look"
by I Am ORFA plays]
-Look.
♪♪ FEMALE SINGER:
Take a good look at me ♪
♪♪ Take a real good lok at me ♪♪
♪♪ What you gonna
do about it? ♪♪
♪♪ Take a good lok at me ♪♪
♪♪ Take a real good lok at me ♪♪
♪♪ What you gonna
do about it? ♪♪
♪♪ Take a good lok at me ♪♪
-Hey, there, girlfriend.
It is I,
your very human boyfriend.
[Shoots laser guns]
-Too much.
[Inhales]
This is Brutus.
-Mm-hm.
He's in college.
[Students chattering
in distance]
-Hm.
[Laughing]
- That was awesome.
-I figured I owed you two.
After you faced your fears,
and slayed the Timoring.
The least I could do is show up.
Now...
what's for lunch.
[Gentle music]
-BRUTUS: You guys have a time
allocated to lunch, don't you?
[Lilly sighs happily]
-Ew! No.
[Bag crinkling]
[Sniffing]
-What do you call this?
-The sandwich?
Tuna salad.
-Tuna salad.
[Lilly snorts]
[Astrid laughs]
It's amazing.
-Oh, so glad you like it.
Know what's not amazing?
Breaking my car.
- That was a training lesson!
-It is never
happening again, capisce?
- You guys are no fun.
- ASTRID: Hm.
-So, tell me about the Timoring.
What did it manifest for you?
-Oh, dodgeball monster.
- Mm-hm.
- Pure nightmare fuel.
-And you?
-Nothing.
Didn't work on me.
-Hm.
That's weird.
The only way that would happen
is if you've...
already survived
your worst fear.
-So, I guess it wasn't
the velociraptors.
[Tender music]
-Can't imagine what it was.
[Music turns darker]